# database-project-1
Scenario: We wanted to create a comprehensive database for anime shows and movies. We wanted to make a "one-stop-shop" for anime enjoyers to find, purchase, or rent their favorite shows and movies more easily. We also wanted to store series ratings, genres, identifiers, and directors to allow users to find new shows they might enjoy based on their previous favorites. We need user data to track their purchases, card information, and tastes. All the information will be used to prove user experience when collecting user preferences and information on the series/ movies.

Entities, Relations, Data:

We wanted to have enough data and information for each entity type to represent what our database has to offer accurately. We also created fake users to demonstrate what it would be like to use our database and try to find either movies or shows to rent or buy with prices. Frontend: The front end we created for a straightforward way to manage and find any anime movie they wish to see. For our demonstration, we just used 20 movies and 20 shows that were ranked high by others to just use as examples. The front end was created with Python and offers the user login to store past movies and shows they bought or rented.

Challenges: 1st Challenge: Python was a new language to us, and it was challenging to manage and create a successful database. Solution: We decided to ask many questions to our peers that had a lot of knowledge and experience with Python. We also watched several videos on youtube and Google that taught us simple basics and looked up specific errors we had to understand better what we were doing wrong and how to fix it. 2nd Challenge: Finding the directors and the studio names took a lot of work, and we could not find any. Solution: Instead of wasting time and effort, and because this was only a demo database, we concluded that we could make up the director's and studio's names. 3rd Challenge: PyCharm was challenging to use on the mac. Since we were also new to Python, this program was tough to navigate. The pro version of PyCharm is expensive and not easily accessible. The free version of PyCharm limited our use and gave us few features. Solution: We used what we had the best we could and figured out the best way to complete the front end.
